Who dares
Help me now
Invade you don't force me
You know my ability to kill
I also know the consequences of my murder
Here we go.
I hope this doesn't happen again
waste
Who the hell are you?
Ordinary People Ordinary People
Then why do even princesses like you?
Even afraid of you
I used to be his bodyguard
He would like a bodyguard
You think all women are just as snobbish as you
If you hadn't killed my dad
I wouldn't hate you so much
I don't want to argue with you.
You go to rest first
I still have something to go out.
What else do you have to do so late?
What has nothing to do with you?
Dad?
The anniversary of your death is coming
The negative side of the family
It's countdown time.